1. The topology is already built

2. Open the simulation mode

3. Click on PC-0 and on Desktop open Web Browser and enter http://10.1.1.100, and you can see packets has been is created, (here on ethernet devices communicate using mac address), now click on the packet and you can see from where the src and destination in layer 2, you can see mac address of pc in config FastEthernet0, the pc is requesting, ARP the mac address of the server. now the packet is sent to switch , now click on the packet and you can see broadcast address, you can see the target mac address is bank in PDU, now the packet is set to all connected ports, I can see the connected end host to drop the server that do not match mac address except one which match. You can see layer 1 and 2 now the match sent back a packet back to switch and the the switch send back to PC-0 and now connection is set up, now this is TCP connection, a three way handshake which means they agree on certain parameter sychg as sequence number (how much data can be sent) and an HTTP packet sent to network, now check the HTTP packet (purple) , see the layer information,pdu(in and out), see type, you can see IP address there, (Bonus, you can see in your pc, check 02 notes, instead of details click properties and see the avialable IP address) and by type switch or servers can know which protocol to use. you can find protocol infromation by typing ipv4 protocol number and check the website

4. Protocol at layer 4 is TCP which a layer 7 protocol is used. We have a destination port, and if we search port number we can see that for 80 is is http/https. now some protocol such as DNS uses TCP and UDP, HTTP use TCP because we want liability, layer 3 protocol is IP version 4 and layer 4 protocol is TCP. In services after clicking end host, we see many servers. The data needs to go to right service, so that data get to sent to right server/service like FTP, TFTP, HTTP we need port number. One physical server running different processes or different application , we want the data to send to correct service or correct server application, and those application listen to specific port number. Like FTP listen 21, TFTP listen 69, HTTP listen 80. We can see the port number TCP Dest. The HTTP packet gets to server and server listen to port number to send to specific application. A server service will listen on what's called a well-known port number but when you initiate a session to well-known port number such as 80 you will use what's called a femoral or random port number. Service names are assigned on a frist-come, first-served process. Sercie names and port numbers are used to distinguish between different services that run over transport protocols such as TCP, UDP, DCCP and SCTP. thsese port number in the range 0 to 1023 are signed as system port number, user ports number 1024 to 49151 and dynamic/ private ports range 49152 to 65535, these range might change and might be differnet for different operating system. Importnat port numbers to remember are HTTP 80, FTP 21, TFTP 69 Telnet 23, SSH 22.  Bonus layer 2=Ethern0, layer 3=IP, layer 4=TCP

5. Now close down the site and open the email in config and click componse and type To=peter@cisco.com, now go to server and click service and click email and you can see the user peter. two email service is running, mail transfer protocol MTP(allows us to transmit email ) and POP 3 ( older protocol that allows us to retrieve email from and email server) protocol. To see their use prcatically go back to pc email compose and set To=peter@cisco.com and subject= test a email and details=test a email showing port numbers. make sure simulation mode is running, now sent the email. you can see the package is begin sent to switch, now click on that  package, SMTP use TCP, now look at inbound PDU, I can seesrc and dest. simple recape, at layer the type field indicate that the protocl at leyer 3 is IP version 4, IP version 6 use different protopcl number. We know protocol at layer 4 because of filed type of layer 3, you can see the port number. so wer are sending a email to SMTP, then a three way thandshake take place, acknowldege take place. now see the http package and see the inbound pdu detail, you can se the layer 7 SMTP data, the actual email begin sent to server and then the server replies back, now see th outbound pdu details, another reason we have tcp handshake to agree what port number will be used. we can see bunch of tcp message, now retrieve you email click on receive on emali config, you can check the pdu of the packets begin sent. remember 25 is port number for SMTP, now you might get pop 3 packge. 110 is for packgage, to lera about protocols, check around a bit with ftp, http etc